samples: direct_test_mode: Add support for the MPSL Tx power splitter (#10526)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The Bluetooth 3-wire coex sample because of the removal of the 3-wire implementation.

* :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample:

  * Added support for the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_fem` Tx power split feature.
    The DTM command ``0x09`` for setting the transmitter power level takes into account the front-end module gain when this sample is built with support for front-end modules.

>     The vendor specific commands for setting the SoC output power and the front-end module gain are not available when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_RADIO_TEST_POWER_CONTROL_AUTOMATIC` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The vendor specific commands for setting the SoC output power and the front-end module gain are not available when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DTM_POWER_CONTROL_AUTOMATIC` is enabled.
```

Author: Thanks. Well spotted
